Update quick start (#288)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/quick_start/quickstart_in_3_min.md

Besides the job function definition and configuration which mentioned above, code in this script contains all the points of how to train a neural network.

- `flow.data.load_mnist(BATCH_SIZE,BATCH_SIZE)`: Prepare and load training data.

> - ` train_job(images, labels)`: return the loss value for each training process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ` train_job(images, labels)`: return the loss value for each iteration
```

> - `print(..., loss.mean())`: print loss values for every 20 training processes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `print(..., loss.mean())`: print loss values for every 20 iterations
```
